# 2022/10/06 - Team Meeting W4

Meeting time: Oct. 6th 17:00,-18:40

Meeting location: Online through discord

Attendees: Lydia, Brenden, Ali, Jeena

Note Taker: Jeena

# Meeting Notes

- During client meetings, Lydia and Ali will be present. Ali is in charge of talking and note-taking. Lydia is there for support and will take notes when Ali is unable to. Jeena and Brenden can join, if they can only attend a portion of the meeting, the client will be informed beforehand.
- Next client meeting, heavily recommend the client to choose the framework we suggest
- Pitch separate meetings for each team to the client, if the proposition fails contact other teams beforehand to create an agenda
- Ali and Lydia split up and commit Client meetings, Jeena and Brenden split up and commit Team meetings to the repo for GitStats
- Send Client a list of questions after class on Wednesday for the requirement report, questions he is unable to answer immediately, clarify during the meeting
- Team meeting at 1pm Sunday
- General Team decorum: show up to class on time, communicate more, give feedback

# Meeting Running

Ali:

Using React and Django moving forward

We need active learning algo,

need to look into flake8 and black

flake8 is a linter

any notes for me?

Brenden:

Dont be late, I didn’t like that you were late

L:

Go over agenda, what worked well

need to track tasks

Ali did a great job speaking to client, did a good job of making him understand

Recommendations for Ali:

Problematic stuff Ali did:

Time-control. We need to control the time, Client does not think of it

Need better team communication

at some points you said something we didn’t agree on

You recommended Django and React

Need to discuss what to tell the client

Client meeting next week, what we get from client meeting is our task for the week

need to communicate better

Last time we added questions to the doc thing

small thing setting the time up

dont tell the client its difficult to commute

J:

have 2 separate docs for questions vs action items

L:

go to point 2

Ali:

I have feedback

Lydia show up to class more often

Brendan late once or twice

Jeena only once late

Lydia we talked about the languages stuff on wednesday

Dont joke around with client, its unprofessional

Brendan feedback: today during the meeting could have spoken in with feedback, you're the tech lead.

B:

I dont want to interrupt

Ali:

I see that but help me out when

B: I get it

A:

Pros and cons, I did it this week because this was supposed to be last week

A: Jeena the only feedback aside from being late on wednesday one time I feel like I think you're scared and anxious

We’re okay with feedback

You can tell us

B, L : we agree

A:

I started writing because you werent writing

L: I did

My part was deleted

A:

sorry next time we work on two parts add a horizontal line

L:

anything to say?

B: no

L: ok so

I will answer Ali’s ques

about Client meeting note takings

My point of showing up was for support not to steal your job

I was there for extra pair of ears

A:

I didn't know because last week

L I will be there and take notes when u cant but otherwise you take notes AND talk

you okay with thtat?

A: Yes

L: move on

Reach consensus on other problem.

Ill mention things:

Client meeting: staying the whole time, people who need to come early and leave should not come

A: Brendan can leave if not talking about Tech stack

Me and L stay for the whole things

B:

J and I arent main connection to client, A when you left it was fine

5 mins or less before meeting ends

ideally all of us there the whole time

i cant come to any meetings now on

L can leave a bit early its upto her

L:

J: I like to be there at least for a little bit

L: we will let him know before and it should be fine

\*\*\* decision: le the client know A and L , J and B can join optionally

L:

any other opinions

B:

I thought we would straight up tell him,

A:

we have to show them 3 frameworks, but client needs to pick

I thought you got it but ig not

Gema said it

L:

I have a proposal

I asked people going fw handle

Gema is why we do this

no task is a big issue

we can say more experienced in coding we recommend: this and this

if you need pro con ok but like trust me bro

tell client we are starting with this

A:

l IF WE ENCOUNTER

if theres no task

tell them our decision

B: disagree

should never mention Gema

I think to approach this:

present it to him we want to use

L: going to client

B: tell him theres options but were choosing

A:

i think thats what came across today anyway

You want me to be more explicit?

B: i was worried about we will give you pros and cons

A: presentation means i will present to u

L: my concern is we bring other frameworks

B: my conc is we would make a ppt. Gema says we need to bring 3 frameworks and have them choose

heavily imply, bamboozle client with the illusion of choice Ali mention it but like be very lowkey

L: make more general

We decide what to use, client choosing doesn't matter

everyone cool?

anything else:

decision: \*\*\*

L have a lot to say about time control

very bad time control

at end of meeting we send him questions before meeting

immediate response, and meetings we discuss what he doesnt understand, what he isnt able to provide

A:

i can discuss with other CLs

L does everyone agree?

All: yes

L I think for each CM we send an agenda to stick to

B, A, clarify

L : what to answer so it gets done faster

agenda for client meeting

A: disagree with agenda

L: last 10 mins should be wrap up

L give each team a time slot

L : other option we split team meetings

B: i think we should have sep meeting for each team

i think best solutions

A: i agree, that is best option

L: pitch this to mat not the other groups, go behind their backs, is this a priority

B: pitch sep team ideas first, then pitch agenda

next week tuesday meeting is fine, but after that we have sep meetings

L:

in that case we need to split times for team

16-16-16-15, 16 mins per team, 15 for wrapup

4x16+15 breakdown

now 3rd point

A: as long as indiv is >20 we get full marks

A: for gitstats do comments

only thing to submit are client meetings

B: i can work a bit on req reports

L: L + A do client meeting, J+ B team meeting, All work on req report in class tomorrow

B I shared gdoc, but we should make it MD file

need to write it on notion to get gitsats thats is the best thing to do

split up what to contribute

A:

I think we do it how we did it last week

We split it up and commit like last week

B: (laughter) ok i guess that show we are doing it

A: ok i have to mention smth

i can only stay for 15 mins

L: meeting is 5-7

B : next on list?

L for req report and presentation

B so presetnation is slide and video

need to figure out what to do, contribute to video

L : tomorrow in class

we get answers in MSteams we need to get

J: i need to do it over the weekend to reduce workload

L: When to make the video

B: so we make the video on the weekend

L: Tuesday is due date

B: recording what to say we can piece things together, someone has to edit and submit

i cant do anything at night, i have an open midterm

L: no solution, talk to prof tomorrow, we cant come up with a solution today, here

A: we should talk to her

B: its a long weekend, we can ask on teams, its all we can do

if we've reached out then ball is in his court

L: schedule time on monday to go through the question

B monday is late, ques for client or ques for report

send client questions

