# 2023/01/19 Team Meeting W16

Main points:

Lydia switches to BE for database

on FE styling is left

start using tickets for progress

need more communication

A: Today we had client meeting

updated about backend

L i was there

A: updated

B started research on algo 

we didnt do much work over break

weve been ctahcing up

bad news now

luca and ryanâ€™s team, we are behind

ignoring ML

we are behind

my concern 

there is no communication

b/w fe and be

i understand trying ot get gitstats 

not work being done

i dont understand the pr

theres a disconnent

is github loading for you guys

i cant load github

L: its fine for me

A: it seems our team is behind

if were doing fine our gitstats is fine our product is fine

B: how are we behind

A: how is docker running

ive started research

i need to know if it can communicate

aspect of taking videos and splitting

theres no communication b/w all the team members

is that a weird thing to say

going forward we should try to be very communicative

even if its non descript

we need to start putting our heads down and make our be work better

ive been doing it because i felt be was behind

i dont have a guage of how fe is doing so i cant critique

L should we talk about fe part

the prs that you set it was to set up repo pr

add instruction pr

this week me and jeena tried to work on step 5

restyle everything

80% 90 % done

the com,unication part is done

we need to write api calls 

it depends on api 

calls

A: thats something i will discuss

thats whwat i working on

L i have ques

L i do know what your working on

in be we use to manage then we have database

A: this i the other thing

i wont blame you

db is something we iscussed i thought you were doing it

on the old repo you were assigned to the db issue

it seems like now theres less work

theres only an api call

