# 2022/11/22 Team Meeting W12

Meeting time: Nov 22nd

Meeting location: Online through discord

Attendees: Lydia, Brenden, Ali, Jeena

Note Taker: Jeena

# TLDR

Using Stepper instead of Breadcrumb

Need to decide for the video

Sit with Matthias and show him the progress

# Transcript

*discussion of peer testing stuff*

L: CL is missing

Client update 

not much update

prseentation by matt not sure why he brough tit up

we can talk about it with alie later on

he said he was not coming tomorrow

we can ask him later

i can ask, i go to their house

lets skip that part

B: we should use stepper

L we can make a branch for everything to be merged

we meet him in person or online

A: in person to run it through with him

L: talk to the other client liasons

I prefer in person

L its close to finals

do we want B and J to be there

A: they're busy

L: idk how i feel about presetning demo of smth smn else made

next thing is the video demo due this friday

there will be some grinding for PRs 

someone has to make a video

Iâ€™ll be grinding for it 

i want to wrap it up on the frontend

A: i dont want to say backend will be done

is it worth it to omit backend

L: i wasnt planning on it anyway

B: no but i would liket o have be functional by next week

A: let me try friday once the midterm is done

i canspend whole friday working on it

what are we doing 

L: i can pick up this task

can you pick up thid tas

L the task for this week we can finish toimorrow

we will communicate in the server

A: i wont be in class tomorrow

A: i can update the gantt chart

ill ping you guys once im done

B review the PRs

L: ill do PR